Support multiple entry inputs (#410)
zeit/ncc: readme.md

  v8cache: false, // default
  quiet: false, // default
  debugLog = false // default

> }).then(({ files, symlinks }) => {

Reviewer: I think you need to change `/path/to/input` to `build.js` (I can't comment on line 72 for some reason)

Author: Great catch, it's actually `index.js` :)

  v8cache: false, // default
  quiet: false, // default
  debugLog = false // default
}).then(({ files, symlinks }) => {
  // files: an object of file names to { source, permissions }

>   // symlinks: an object of symlink mappings required for the build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // symlinks: an array of symlink paths required for the build
```

I think this is an array, right?

Author: It's an object of mappings `{ 'local/path': './mapped-path' }`.

  // The main file is located at 'index.js':
  files['index.js'].source
})
```

Multiple entry points can be built by providing an object to build. In this case, those files are avaiable as additional output files:

```js
require('@zeit/ncc')({
  entry1: '/path/to/input1',
  entry2: '/path/to/input2
}).then(({ files, symlinks }) => {
  // named entry points are available at their names:

>   files['entry1.js'].source

Reviewer: This is confusing. The user specified `entry1` but it came back as `entry1.js`? I think the key should match.

Author: So we allow users to output filenames without extensions?

Note that Node.js under `--experimental-modules` won't execute files without extensions, although yes that will only apply further in future.

Reviewer: I see. I forgot about `ncc run` which probably needs to turn this into a real file. Will webpack work if the object is `{ "/path/to/input1.js": "/path/to/input1.js" }`?

Author: We still use relative paths in the entry object for Webpack, it then resolves them to the output path, which for our virtual filesystem fs is `/entry1.js` anyway. But yes, Webpack supports this fine.

I'm open to switching them back to names, although it is nice that we support both `.js` and `.mjs` this way too.

  v8cache: false, // default
  quiet: false, // default
  debugLog = false // default

> }).then(({ output }) => {

Reviewer: Why `output` instead of `files`?

Author: No reason at all, shall we switch to `files`?

Reviewer: Yes, please do 👍

Author: Updated in the latest commit.

>   // Output is an object of file names to { source, permissions } | string

Reviewer: I'm still digesting this change but I'm wondering if a symlink should instead be an object like `{ symlink: string }`

Author: We could equally well do that, yes. Previously it was its own object too, which we could also do - having `files` and `symlinks`.

Reviewer: Oh I like that better, `files` and `symlinks`

  // Where string entries represent symlinks to other files, referenced relatively.
  // The main build file is located at output[filename].
  output['build.js'].source
})
```

> Multiple entry points can be built by providing an object to build. In this case the output returned is an array of `{ code, map }` pairs:

Reviewer: This doesn't seem correct. There is no `code` anymore and `map` seems to be part of the `output` as you mentioned below.

Author: Thanks.

  v8cache: false, // default
  quiet: false, // default
  debugLog = false // default
}).then(({ files, symlinks }) => {
  // files: an object of file names to { source, permissions }
  // symlinks: an object of symlink mappings required for the build
  // The main build file is located at files[filename]:
  files['build.js'].source
})
```

Multiple entry points can be built by providing an object to build. In this case, those files are avaiable as additional output files:

```js

> require('@zeit/ncc')({

Reviewer: In the next PR when we breakout `build` vs `watch`, I think it might be a good idea to make this a separate function for multiple entry points such as `buildMany`. This way we can avoid function overloading. Or perhaps `build` should accept an array of `filenames` instead?

Author: Note that this argument is `entry`, and `filename` is the Webpack `output.filename`, so that we are completely symmetrical with Webpack. I think keeping this as a single function makes sense for that reason.

Reviewer: For the single function approach, what do you think about changing line 74 above to be an array?

Author: We could support the array form too.

The `string` for entry is allowed by Webpack, so I don't see why we shouldn't.

Reviewer: So how about `filename: string | string[]` and that can be passed to webpack. Then we don't need the object usage you defined here because the array will be paths.

Instead of this:

```js
{
  entry1: '/path/to/input1',
  entry2: '/path/to/input2
}
```

Use this:

```js
{
   filename: ['/path/to/input1', '/path/to/input2']
}
```

Author: The thing is we are naming the entry points, too just like with Webpack (https://webpack.js.org/configuration/entry-context#entry), where the filename is rule-based (`filename: '[name].js'`).

Reviewer: I was thinking that the name could match the file path. Is that going to cause a problem?

Author: I've pushed up a commit to support the array form as well.

Reviewer: I'm ok with the object case but I think we need to use either objects every time or arrays every time. I don't like that the multi-entry-point takes 2 parameters: object of entry points and then a file name. Maybe I read the example incorrectly.

Author: The filename is the output filename, just like with Webpack.

Reviewer: @guybedford I think we should minimize the amount of Webpack syntax that leaks through to the `ncc` API. It seems like `'[name].js'` is webpack syntax.

I looked through the code again and I think I got confused. The Array part was misleading and can be removed.

My preferred solution (now that I understand this code a little better) is to change line 72 so that it is no longer using a string. Instead it should use an Object to map the file name to the file path. Alternatively, I would be okay with using an Array here instead of an Object so that file names are the same as file paths.

Then the `filename` can be removed completely.

I would be happy to jump on a call if you need to discuss further.

Author: Ok I've pushed up the change to deprecate `filename`, and instead rely entirely on the mappings from the entry object for output naming. I've also included automatic extension adding to this for convenience.
